---
title: "MEDB 5508: Introduction to SQL, Module08 overview"
author: "Steve Simon"
output: html_document
---

<!--This file was first created on 2021-07-28.-->

This page shows the links to important files used in Module08 of MEDB 5508, Introduction to SQL, taught by Suman Sahil and Steve Simon. This class is taught at the University of Missouri-Kansas City in the Department of Biomedical and Health Informatics. This course uses the Canvas Learning Management System. If you are enrolled in this class, but do not have access to the Canvas website, please let me know immediately. This github repository is not a substitute for the Canvas site. I use it to organize files. Then I either copy-and-paste the information to the Canvas site or include links from the Canvas website to this repository.

All of the text, programs, and output are public domain. That means that you can use or modify the program in any way you please without asking for permission first. You are encouraged to cite the github site

+ https://github.com/pmean/introduction-to-sas

if you use this material, but this is not required.

### Resources for Module08

#### Slides used in the videos

+ [5508-simon-m08-video-gathering-and-spreading-duplicate.pptx][5508-simon-m08-video-gathering-and-spreading-duplicate.pptx].
+ [5508-simon-m08-video-gathering-and-spreading.pptx][5508-simon-m08-video-gathering-and-spreading.pptx].
+ [5508-simon-m08-video-gathering-and-spreading.Rmd][5508-simon-m08-video-gathering-and-spreading.Rmd].
+ [5508-simon-m08-video-using-subqueries-duplicate.pdf][5508-simon-m08-video-using-subqueries-duplicate.pdf].
+ [5508-simon-m08-video-using-subqueries.pdf][5508-simon-m08-video-using-subqueries.pdf].

#### Homework solutions, code and output

+   not yet available.

This file was automatically generated by create-module-resources.Rmd and was last updated on 2021-08-20. On my github site, you can find [this file][thisf] and [links to other important files][mygit].

<!---my git--->
[thisf]: https://github.com/pmean/introduction-to-sql/blob/master/modules/5508-08-resources.md
[mygit]: https://github.com/pmean/introduction-to-sql/blob/master/README.md

<!---pdf_h--->
[5508-simon-m08-video-using-subqueries-duplicate.pdf]: https://github.com/pmean/introduction-to-sql/blob/master/results/5508-simon-m08-video-using-subqueries-duplicate.pdf
[5508-simon-m08-video-using-subqueries.pdf]: https://github.com/pmean/introduction-to-sql/blob/master/results/5508-simon-m08-video-using-subqueries.pdf

<!---ppt_v--->
[]: https://github.com/pmean/introduction-to-sql/blob/master/results/

<!---rmd_h--->
<!---No links for this section--->

<!---rmd_o--->
<!---No links for this section--->

<!---rmd_v--->
[5508-simon-m08-video-gathering-and-spreading.Rmd]: https://github.com/pmean/introduction-to-sql/blob/master/src/5508-simon-m08-video-gathering-and-spreading.Rmd

<!---sas_h--->
<!---No links for this section--->

<!---sas_o--->
<!---No links for this section--->
